Trouble is that the Kid might be nervous, big game like this.
He wants to die!
I always feared dying in the gutter with a bellyful of booze.
Ask him how we'll get outta here.
He's ready for a fall.
Hey, let me outta here!
They can't get us in Hole in the Wall.
He'll use everything in the book and then some he's made up to kill you.
You know, Melba, it always distresses me, a man like Shooter here... reaching his middle years and still having no assurance... of next week's income.
What happened to you?
We gotta let him out!
It's like that time in Tombstone when he made me walk... stripped down to only my long-handles and my hat.
That butcher, Eggers, he'll take 35 head... and butcher them himself.
I declare, Billy, sometimes I think you got psychic powers.
Let me in!
We whispered your names when we were kids... scared to say them out loud.
What am I gonna do?
Are you sure it's him?
Well, the Kid hit him once, and he ain't come back yet.
What's wrong with my eyes?
Haven't I told you you're gonna get your melon opened?
Some gang of cutthroats and murderers.
Well, that's a dangerous thing to do.
No unpleasantness, I hope.
What's wrong?
But the rescue has to happen immediately.
And you wouldn't want to endanger Mr. Macallan, would you?
When I say run, run.
Their screams... you never forget something like that.
Uh-oh uh-oh... Why did you take down the Lisbon Lace number?
Drive!
I really have no explanation for that, Senator.
I should have taken my chances with the cannibals.
Wh... what do you want me to do, pa? Git another girl?
 Get a doctor at once!
 What's the matter?
 It's a matter of life and death.
 Looks like trouble for your boss.
 Dickson will ruin this bank if we don't stop him.
 Looks to me like we're in hot water already.
 I've been robbed.
 These are precarious times.
 Banks today have got to be careful.
 We've got to get the money in circulation before you'll get this country back to prosperity.
 And if he doesn't get it, he goes into bankruptcy and throws 900 men out of work.
 I'm afraid so.
 Dude, there's not any chance of my becoming involved in this, is there?
 Heavens, no!
 Meanwhile, you're jeopardizing the safety of the bank.
 I was afraid of making a fool of myself.
 What's the matter, Matt?
 What's the matter, dear?
 What have I done now?
 - I'm afraid he's been stalling.
 You've got me worried, dear.
 I wanted to stop you from doing something you'd be sorry for.
 - It'll only get you in trouble.
 I was coming down the steps and there was the watchman lying dead at my feet.
 Oh, good gracious.
 You don't know who to trust.
 I wouldn't trust anybody.
 If you don't hurry...
 What'll we do?
 I'm in an awful hurry.
 Our reputation wouldn't be worth a nickel.
 Yes, but when the cash runs out, they'll mob us.
 Somebody starts a rumour and they lose their heads.
 But you said it was safe.
 Please, I'll go to the old ladies' home if you don't do something.
 - What's that noise?
 It's all been like a crazy nightmare.
 They threatened to kill me if I didn't pay.
 I was desperate.
 I didn't know what to do.
 I didn't know anybody was going to be killed.
 I didn't know what I was doing.
 All I could think of was that they were going to kill me.
 I'll die if they send me to prison.
 It wasn't her fault, honest it wasn't.
 If we close, our stock won't be worth a nickel.
 Something's happened.
 We got to do something or it'll be too late.
 To tell the truth, Baron, tonight we're a little bit nervous.
 I was frantic.
 The others are getting suspicious.
 What would she do?
 Why do you look at me like that?
 I shall die on the gallows.
 I was threatened.
 - I'm alarmed about you.
 - I never danced in public before.
 - What is it?
 If you do that you'll get nothing, except maybe the police after you.
 Gentlemen, please don't go.
 - My life is in your hands.
 No, Mr. Kringelein, please don't call...
 You're not going to leave your friend, sir... are you?
 Give us water!
 I hope I'm not obscure.
 Once at sea, if we get there, our troubles will have just begun.
 It's a wonder we make a profit at all.
 My uncle is a hard, unforgiving man.
 Life can be infernally complex.
 But it's our necks you're risking now, and I say no.
 I've just heard a startling piece of news.
 - Now he's found me.
 I'll hide you somewhere.
 Do something.
 Don't go away!
 - It's too late, isn't it?
 - Did I get home all right last night?
 - Not so bad, but there's dirty weather ahead.
 Julia, I don't know what I'll do when you go.
 - Be careful, you'll put my cigar out.
 It's awfully quaint, isn't it?
 I don't think you'll be able to stand it long.
 - You get beaten though, don't you?
 The doctor said you shouldn't excite yourself.
 It's horrible.
 - It was horrible there.
 You're afraid of what may happen if the war comes?
 Hurry, hurry!
 You've got to manage without the doctor.
 Go get them and get them quick!
 It's dangerous jouncing Mrs. Wilkes over open country.
 Wait, I forgot to lock the front door!
 Oh, Scarlett, I'm a coward.
 Oh, Rhett, won't you please give me the money?
 I can't fight you both.
 Don't be angry.
 Help!
 She killed her husband same as if she shot him.
 Don't let her do it, Rhett.
 How's Miss Scarlett bearing up?
 Is it worth the risk of a scandal?
 I wouldn't take the slightest risk now you've made such a great reputation for yourself in the Senate.
 At the convention anything can happen.
 Happy may have hit on something tremendous here.
 I suppose when a fellow bucks up against a big organisation like that, one man by himself can't get very far.
 Gee whiz, so many things happening all at once.
 Open your eyes!
 McGann's out of his mind.
 The country agencies are in desperate need of these funds.
 Oh, dear me.
 - Do you think we're getting anywhere?
 When he finds out our dam is at his boys camp he'll start asking questions.
 I want to get out of there right now.
 Doggone, I know there's something wrong!
 He's about to blow the whole machine to smithereens and you with it!
 You've got to keep him off us.
 Since he found out we're behind it, he's been running us ragged.
 - Don't open that door, Chick.
 You had me scared for a minute.
 They tell me you've been on your toes since you got here.
 They'll destroy you.
 I have risen to a difficult task.
 When a man like Senator Joseph Paine gets up and swears that I've been robbing kids of nickels and dimes.
 - I have no defence against forgery!
 I got up and started to speak and the long powerful arm of Taylor reached into this sacred chamber and grabbed me by the neck.
 I hope every member of this body feels as I do.
 I want one week to bring you proof and your promise that I will not be expelled and the bill won't be passed.
 If we yield to blackmail from this man, we'll become a laughing stock!
 He can raise public opinion against us.
 If he starts convincing those senators, you might as well blow your brains out!
 We've got to get this man off the floor.
 A deal is impossible.
 Mr President, what happens to me in the morning?
 Stop, Jeff, stop!
 I'm not fit to be a senator!
 You need money, and quickly.
 - He's cutting our throat.
 - It may bring you serious trouble.
 - Who are you and what do you want?
 I warn you, if this case comes to trial, it will be before a French court.
 There's nothing we can do about it.
 Maybe we've missed him already.
 Good heavens, is that thing lost again?