Thanks for the entertainment, gentlemen.
Yeah, she's a nice girl, Melba.
That's right, boy.
What's wrong?
Gentlemen... if there are no objections, I'm the dealer.
You're one of the greatest stud players I've seen.
Thank you.
We believe what the gods did when they made a man crazy was... make him fall in love.
Well, I'd appreciate it.
Shooter knows what he's doing.
I'll take care of him.
Honey, why don't you go out to the kitchen and bring us some of those... fancy little hors d'oeuvres.
Much obliged!
They tell me you're quite a stud player, young man.
Don't let anybody ever tell you different.
Thanks, baby.
And do remember me kindly to your charming wife.
I'll be the man.
A pleasure to meet someone who understands that to the true gambler... money is never an end in itself but simply a tool, as language is to thought.
Right there... in those big blue eyes.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
Don't you worry about it.
Thank you kindly, Melba.
Gotta have good nerves, though.
Will you lend me a bullet?
You know what I'm talking about.
We're counting on you.
We'll always be here with you, ma'am.
Good old honest Shooter.
Then it's all settled.
Right with you, Shooter.
And Shooter, Lady Fingers and me just carried them right here.
You help me and I'll make you rich.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Don't lose no sweat, Kid.
Just throw our hats in the air.
I know.
Today, the captain ordered a general drill for the safety of the crew.
CinCPac wants it all to arrive on time and intact.
And when that bill passed, I was so proud.
A place to belong.
There must be a reason for this.
Carry on, men.
I promise you.
and very loyal to Francis.
Please love and care for this orphan child.
I'll be yours if you don't kick in with that $10.
Then you can handle it all.
- That's how I feel about it.
Good luck to you.
That's a fair question, Schultz.
And the answer is, he's better.
He is not only older and wiser but his present trouble has taught him precaution.
In my estimation, gentlemen, Jones is no risk.
It's as true now as it was then.
The finest banking mind of this country.
Take my word for it, and don't try it.
Listen, buddy, you're getting by pretty easy.
You want me to hang on to our cash.
The law demands that I carry a certain legal reserve, and I do.
You've convinced me that you're a philanderer of the very first order.
- I shall recommend you highly.
Please forgive me, Phyllis.
- Promise me you won't butt in.
I told him it was important.
- Why, Matt, what are you talking about?
- He certainly can.
- Sammy, are you sure about that?
I got it from the best authority.
Holy smoke.
Oh, my goodness!
No need to worry, son.
Come on, tell me the truth.
Matt, you trust me, don't you?
Everything's gonna be all right.
Everything'll be all right.
I assume you can prove that if necessary.
I know it's a silly thing for me to ask you, but I want you to tell me the truth.
Now you're talking sense.
Can't you find me a key?
He's the best man in the world.
Tom Dickson is a friend of mine.
I'll put money in his bank anytime.
All the best people stay here.
Rely on me, Papa.
- Thanks very much.
I'm used to making my deals on a solid basis.
I'm an honest businessman, a good husband and a father.
I can pay whatever you want.
I know him through and through.
I'd like to take you in my arms and not let anything happen to you, ever.
- Don't worry.
Don't be afraid.
I could take care of you, Miss Flaemmchen, if you'd let me.
It was fortunate for you that I was here to save you.
It's because you're so very grateful and always thank me so prettily.
You must tell me a few of them.
Therefore, we do here and now band ourselves... into a brotherhood of buccaneers... to practice the trade of piracy on the high seas.
Those of you in favor of these articles, raise your right hands and say aye!
With your brain and my strength, there is nothing we cannot do.
- Are you willing to fight, men?
We never miss.
I know a good thing when I see it.
My dear, I've never denied you anything that was in my power to give.
I'll see you downstairs.
I'm sure Julia understands what I'm getting at, don't you, Julia?
You've always been the stronger character.
Will you look after Melanie for me?
You needn't worry.
Mother said you could always tell a lady by her hands.
How can I thank you enough for what you did for us?
This is an honorable proposal of marriage... made at what I consider a most opportune moment.
I never heard anything more true.
And, Scarlett, I'm going to see that you are safe.
From my heart, I thank you.
I'll do what I can, Mammy.
Promise me?
Promise?
- Relax, Happy.
But after all, you're the logical man from the West for the national ticket.
Considering the candidates who answer to the high qualifications of senators, one name shone out like a beacon.
- He's the only senator to have.
- He ought to be president.
He knows what George Washington said by heart and Boy Stuff is swell.
Even collects stray boys and cats.
The hero of 50,000 boys and 100,000 parents.
Because Dad used to tell me Joe Paine was the finest man he ever knew.
Welcome.
- Will you hold this a minute, please?
I knew there was a story in that guy.
My idea is that the government lends us the money and then the boys pay it back by sending pennies and nickels.
- Dick, thanks ever so much.
Don't worry about the others, they're just senators.
don't let it get you down.
These bills are put together by legal minds after long study.
I knew that if anyone could help me, you could.
Thank you again for your time, sir.
And with your help...
He knew my father very well.
My dad had the right idea.
I've never known anyone as capable and intelligent.
I don't know where I'd be with this bill if it wasn't for your help.
This boy's honest, not stupid.
Come right in.
He's honest.
Anything that benefits the state is mighty important to me.
If you like being a senator, you can come back to the Senate and stay there as long as you want to.
I had to make the same decision you were asked to make today.
So that I could sit in that Senate and serve the people in an honest way.
I deeded him the land and he guaranteed me half of what he got if he made the sale.
I sponsored him in the Senate.
On the day he presented it, I congratulated him.
You can't quit now.
You had plain, decent, everyday common rightness.
He knows you can do it, so do I.
And... a little looking out for the other fellow too.
That's pretty important, all that.
If I give you a raft of it now over the phone, can you print it up and spread a billion copies of it?
What he lacked in experience, he's made up in fight.
It's not too late.
And he fought for them for the only reason any man ever fights for them.
Love thy neighbour.
In this world full of hatred a man who knows that one rule has a great trust.
You even die for them.
Every word that boy said about Taylor and me and graft and the rotten political corruption of my state is true!
Let's be honest.
I might be able to accommodate you.
But have you a safe big enough to hold this?
- I was looking after your interests.
Gentlemen, I'm going to let you in on a little secret.
My offer is a very fair one, and doesn't even take advantage of your situation.
I give you my word, they were confiscated legally.
Hold on, gentlemen, please try to understand my position.
I thought it my duty to warn you.
I want to be fair.
I don't deny that you might have a case.
- I've written it for you.
I hope so, for your sake.
- We did it with the best intentions.
- You might hold this for me.
The thing is safe.