That's when they start to drift away.
And Spider Man died kind of slow.
A confession that you hired Tim Strawn... and are responsible for my father's murder.
I'm sorry they don't like me.
He died kind of slow.
I'm sorry to hear that, Lady Fingers.
I thought I was the best stud-poker player in the world.
I'm not ready to retire yet.
There's still places I want to see and things I want to do.
I can't make it tonight.
I'm telling you, I thought I was the best.
What am I gonna do?
I could never do anything like that.
This studying on revenge is turning your back on the future... and letting the past eat at your heart.
Anyways, no good no more, Kid.
I won't tell it anymore.
Mine left me too.
You know, Melba, it always distresses me, a man like Shooter here... reaching his middle years and still having no assurance... of next week's income.
Would you really wear a thing like that?
Playing with amateurs, huh?
Everybody's waiting.
It's just beginner's luck.
For us, business is lousy.
Then, you'll want to say goodbye.
I'm sorry to hear about your little loss.
The deal with Tusk was a mistake.
I have to spend half my life waiting for these time clocks to open.
Dickson will never stand for it.
- The cheque is no good.
What's the use of getting excited, Cluett?
I lost my head for a moment, but I couldn't help it.
You don't seem very excited about it.
- I'm sick and tired of this delay.
I never thought I'd find myself in that crowd.
Don't cry, honey.
Sorry, sister.
Well, I'd begun to feel that I didn't have any part in your life, that I was an outsider.
Nothing ever happens.
- Last night was not so good.
- I haven't any friends, Kringelein.
- I wish I were free tonight.
I've slaved in that man's factory for years and years.
- I can't dance tonight.
Everything is cold and finished.
They hold together and bring me bad luck.
Poor child.
I don't think I'll be able to join you fellows after all.
- I want to be alone.
I just want to be alone.
They didn't miss me at all.
I always said I'd leave off when the time came.
Please don't cry anymore.
You must forgive me.
I've had a very trying evening.
I was so alone, and suddenly you were there.
So alone.
Am I so strange to you?
Please let me stay.
But I want to be alone.
You mustn't cry anymore.
I was ambitious then.
We were drilled like little soldiers.
I really belong in jail.
That's horrible.
I'd give my soul to go, but I can't.
I feel rather sorry for him, don't you?
- I am away, sick.
- You don't like to see me enjoying myself.
I'm sick.
Time drags when you're tired.
- My wife, poor girl.
I won't live long.
I'm sorry.
He spares us the mercifully quick extinction of the hangman's rope... and gives the slow death of slavery.
What a cruel shame that any man is made to suffer so.
Forgive me for not recognizing you, Dr. Blood.
You don't sound very grateful, Dr. Blood.
I'm a sick man.
I am defeated.
- I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Yes, it'll be a pity if this doesn't come off, too.
- But there's nothing for me to do after 3:00.
How sad.
He wasn't much good, though.
Julia was a girl and it seemed hopeless.
- Poor boy.
Poor girl.
Poor lamb.
Why do you want to shut me out in the cold like this?
And you've been resenting me.
I'm so ashamed.
- Because it seems so hopeless, is that it?
You insist on putting me into a position that I don't in the least relish.
I'll miss that man.
I get so bored I could scream.
I seem to be spoiling everybody's brandy and cigars... and dreams of victory.
That kind of love isn't enough for two people as different as we are.
Then there's nothing left for me.
I was so miserable at the thought of you in trouble.
I was too late.
Don't drink alone.
I ought never to have married Frank.
He was Suellen's beau, and he loved her, not me.
Melly'd be so disappointed if you weren't surprised.
As long as you're here, let me show you the books... so you can see how bad a businessman I am.
When I'm wearing a new bonnet... all the figures I ever knew go right out of my head.
That girl doesn't exist anymore.
It drags at your heart till... you can't do anything but look back.
I've got a headache, Rhett.
You wouldn't have come if you thought I was here.
Well, this misery in my back... ain't so good.
Thank you, but I wouldn't dream of disgracing the family with a divorce.
But London's a horrid place.
I was crazy with jealousy.
She's never cared for me.
I tried to make her care, but I couldn't.
I've never before known anyone who was really brave.
And I'm thinking that, well... maybe the mill's taking you away from me and Bonnie.
I'm going to jump.
Oh, Mammy, this house won't seem the same without Bonnie.
What that child got to stand, the good Lord give her strength to stand.
Oh, but I can't intrude.
Scarlett, if you knew what I've gone through!
But you had to wait till now, now when Melly's dying... to show me that I could never mean any more to you... than this Watling woman does to Rhett.
And I've loved something that doesn't really exist.
You know how I loved her, really.
- Why, her last words were about you.
I'm leaving you, my dear.
As long as there was Bonnie, there was a chance we might be happy.
You think that by saying, "I'm sorry," all the past can be corrected.
He probably doesn't remember me.
Yes, Ma found him slumped over his desk that morning...
- Boy, am I tired!
- I don't think even that would do it.
I'm very sorry about that, Miss...
I'm awfully sorry.
I can't understand half of them and I used to be a lawyer.
There's no reason for me to be here.
Boys forget what their country means by just reading "Land of the Free" in history books.
Liberty is too precious a thing to be buried in books.
- It hasn't been easy, has it?
- I'm sorry, I have a bill...
I wonder if it isn't a curse to be wised up like you and me.
Why don't I do this right?
We can't do this to him!
Seems a shame to part company after all these years.
- I don't feel like sitting down.
I was hoping you'd be spared all this.
This is a man's world, a brutal world.
Faced with that... regardless of my personal feelings for the boy, my sense of duty told me that his expulsion from the Senate was the only possible answer.
Some of them are carved in stone, some of them men like Taylor put up there, so suckers like me could read them.
All the good in this world came from fools with faith like that.
I yielded once before and was practically never heard of again.
To avoid bringing disgrace upon a clean and honourable state.
I apologise for his appointment.
He'll never get started.
I'm sorry, gentlemen...
I know I'm being disrespectful to this honourable body...
A guy like me should never be allowed to get in here in the first place!
I mean, about my having this floor to go on with my babbling.
If that's what the grown-ups have done with this world, we have to start those boys' camps and see what the kids can do.
I can't stand to see him hurt.
I don't want to go to Siberia.
And I don't want to go to Hotel Terminus.
And I don't want to....
I wanted to look mellow and I look brittle.
I guess one gets the face one deserves.
- They're pretty hopeless.
But don't look so gloomy.
That won't help you.
We must have missed him.
If we had known, we would have greeted you with flowers.
Comrades, your telegram was received with great disfavor in Moscow.
Imagine, an important part of my life wasted between whistles.
I would hate to commit myself without my compass.
A Parisian only goes to the Tower in moments of despair to jump off.