Silly old man looking after that young thing.
Damnedest thing I ever did see.
You got old.
Oh, just things that little girls dream about.
Who's afraid of a little booger?
Time was I'd squeeze a pimple like you.
Now, don't tell me Shooter's your oldest and best friend.
You're no hero, so don't worry about it.
Oh, Shooter... tell me... is this young man of yours gonna give me any trouble?
Just wait till he's looking down your throat, that's all.
Do we have to sit with them?
Looks like you're gonna owe us some money, fat boy.
Don't you find that kind of disturbing?
He laid me out, strung me up and then...
How about that mess.
Playing with amateurs, huh?
Too long.
This studying on revenge is turning your back on the future... and letting the past eat at your heart.
What's the matter with you two?
And you, all the time laughing at me.
I know all those stories.
The deal with Tusk was a mistake.
Just because it is big and white and a yacht, is it not still dirt?
One can't expect bloody Yanks to understand.
We've been ambushed by the very forces That you wish to trade with.
Awkward ass.
I don't like to take mortgages from widows.
By making a lot of idiotic loans?
Is that intelligent banking?
Can't pay his bills.
How do you expect him to pay us?
That's your funeral.
It's useless.
For a celebrated bounder, that is an awful admission.
Liar!
Are you still here?
I knew I couldn't trust you.
- You told me you were taking me home.
You're passing up the whitest man on earth for a dirty, no-good...
But you needn't go on account of this idiot.
I always said the Union National was a phoney bank.
Come on, don't be a fool.
The way you've ignored us, you wouldn't think so.
You preached about faith and other rubbish.
I'm sick and tired of hearing about him.
Don't be a fool.
You must be crazy.
Anybody who takes money out of this bank is crazy.
It's terribly expensive here, Heinrich.
It's like being in jail.
Strange man.
Don't do anything foolish.
This thing goes to a man's head.
You think you have free license to be insulting?
You are probably an embezzler.
It can't be so hard to die.
It must have been that damned woman screaming.
A rebel.
Or a liar.
You tell us you're a doctor, you rogue?
He that is himself a confessed traitor.
What a creature must sit on the throne... who lets a man like you deal out his justice.
I hardly consider it fortunate to be bought by anyone by the name of Bishop.
As it happens, you are hardly in a position to have anything to say about it.
You may join the others belonging to my uncle... and henceforth you may take your orders from him.
Do you think I'd be grateful for an easy life when my friends are treated like animals?
I was snoring in my bed while they were trying to free England... from an unclean tyrant.
You might choose your company with better taste.
If a man shall be drunk on duty, he shall receive the same fate.
Even so drunk, your brain is the greatest this side the Caribbean.
Women will be the death of you yet, Levasseur.
I hardly number pirates among my acquaintances.
That's a foolish article of yours.
As you say, a foolish article.
I only hate you and despise you.
How you hate the villain.
I don't care in the least what he does.
I'd sink this ship with all hands before I'd serve him.
And a bad king is bad king, and worse one if he's James.
No doubt the fellow is an impostor.
Now he takes an utter stranger into the family.
The silly little girl wanted to give her kind of a party.
It wouldn't take that long if we had the right kind of government.
If you ask me, this is the worst case of downright rudeness I've seen.
I suppose like the fathead you are, you told Father all your little hopes and dreams?
At bottom she's a very dull girl and the life she pictures for herself is the life she belongs in.
I ain't aiming for you to go to John Wilkes' and gobble like a hog!
And when I'm dead on the altar of my country, I hope your conscience irks you.
I don't like the way you're treating Prissy and Mammy.
It's hard to be strict with a man who loses money so pleasantly.
You'll never mean anything but misery to any man.
I do hate you!
It's time you rebels learned you can't take the law into your own hands.
She's a mighty cold woman... prancing about Atlanta by herself.
Certainly making a fool of yourself.
If you had any chivalry in you, or were nice...
So the millionaire speculator is turning respectable.
It ain't fitting', it just ain't fitting'.
I know you drink on the quiet, and I know how much you drink.
How's it feel to have the woman you've wronged cloak your sins?
You're thinking she's a fool for doing it, even if it saved your hide...
You're mistaken if you think I'm leaving her here... with a mother who doesn't consider her reputation.
You think I'll let her out when you'll have her around people like Belle?
I've always thought a lashing with a whip would benefit you immensely.
Either you're a fool or an inhuman woman.
Apparently any mother, even a bad one, is better than none.
I wish it were anybody's child but yours!
Some wealthy, influential citizen merely to curry favour?
They must have picked the prize dummy.
- You're not talking to this guy.
You must have one idea for the good of the country.
The government's got enough on its hands already without...
Keep Smith away from anything that smacks of politics.
They and the page boys are the only real class in the place.
The shameless way in which the deficiency bill has been delayed is nothing short of criminal.
- Why don't you tell the truth for once?
This morning they read that an incompetent clown had arrived, parading like a member of the Senate.
If you thought as much about being honest as you do about being smart...
- You don't get the truth in the Senate.
When the country needs men who have courage like never before, he's just gonna decorate a chair and get himself honoured.
The Senator'll make a good orator when his voice stops changing.
I'm getting leery of this guy.
A manicure and a haircut wouldn't do any harm.
Sicking that horrible dame on him.
As if he isn't going to be hurt enough, she has to twist a knife in him too.
The dopes are going to inherit the earth anyway.
- I can't think of anything more sappy.
You don't know any name offhand you like better?
You don't know a dam from a bathtub.
I wouldn't trust you to lick a stamp!
Should I just stand around and let that drooling infant wrap that Willet Creek dam appropriation around my neck?
Our steamroller methods are getting too hard for your sensitive soul?
We just have to find someone else with more sense.
If he can't find enough facts to break you with, I'll give him a couple.
Some people told me you were dumb.
You're a liar.
He bought it the day following his appointment to the Senate and is using his privileged office for his own personal profit!
Away from all the words, the monuments, the whole rotten show.
An honorary stooge like me against the Taylors and Paines, the machines and the lies.
Is this one of your shenanigans?
Before proceeding further, I'll remind the visitors in the gallery that they are here as our guests and should conduct themselves as such.
I am sick and tired of this contemptible young man!
The people of my state need permanent relief from crooked men!
I'll blacken this punk so he'll...
We can't stop at anything until we've smashed this yokel...
I didn't like this boy to begin with, but no man that wasn't sincere could stage a fight like this against all odds.
You're not gonna have a country that can make these kinds of rules work, if you haven't got men who can tell human rights from a punch in the nose.
Not one word of what he's saying is being printed in that state!
Taylor has every paper lined up and he's feeding them doctored-up junk!
All you people don't know about lost causes.
Even if this room gets filled with lies like these and the Taylors and all their armies come marching into this place.
Willet dam is a fraud.
Where is your courage, Comrade Buljanoff?
"Don't be a fool.
"Doesn't the prestige of the Bolsheviks mean anything to you?
I'm so bored with this face.
What a gruesome proof of the power of the press.
- That's ridiculous.
You sit down and pull up your pants and where would it get you?
How can such a civilization survive... which permits their women to put things like that on their heads?
I'm ashamed to put a picture of Lenin in a room like this.
- Must you flirt?
- Suppress it.
I have heard of the arrogant male in capitalistic society.