There's plenty of money on you too.
Unless you wanted me to stay.
Let's get something to eat.
Deal them up, Shooter.
See you around.
How'd you like to spend the rest of your life with Shooter?
Yes, I'm playing tonight.
Go ahead, bet your sixes, buster.
I'm in.
Hey, I bet you'd look good in one too.
I'll play.
I'll see you later, Shooter.
The Kid will have to play him.
I reckon I'll see you later, ma'am.
What's happening?
Do any good?
They gonna be full up, from what I hear.
There's gonna be a lot of money in town.
Came here to play.
I'm gonna see you do the right thing.
Why don't we have a drink for old time's sake?
It's a better world, we're all bound for.
I'll see you later.
You gonna bust everybody, or am I?
Now you can show Papa some of them tricks.
You gonna play the Kid?
Oh, I've been hearing about you for a couple of years now.
Why, that's exactly what I was about to do, sugar.
Everybody's waiting.
But I think you'll enjoy his game.
Looking forward to it, I might say.
Come on, the tougher the competition, the better you used to like it.
It's for my kind of money.
You ought to come down sometime.
Marry her!
I'll see you tonight.
Oh, Melba would be mighty proud of you if you won yourself $25,000.
Sign it!
There's more where that came from.
Well, what are we waiting for, Shooter?
You'll never guess where we've just been.
We can use Shelleen's own plan for train robbery.
And may the best man win.
I'm taking a bath.
I want everything he's got.
Personally, I think the Kid's chances are better.
Well, then, come on and find out.
Let's hope it holds out.
I get a kick out of being on the winning side for a change.
Well, I'd say the New York money will probably lay about... oh, 8-5 on Lancey.
But that's what's so marvelous.
Let's go to St. Louis.
And if I kissed it... and made a wish... it'd come true.
Get ready.
That Englishman wants a fight?
We did it, Mr. Cassidy.
I'm going to make him happy.
He's waiting for you.
How about two foursomes of golf, huh?
If it's more important than golf, go ahead.
You could make a handsome profit on your stock.
Well, we want our dough.
We can take blood from anything if it's coming to us.
When he comes out, tell him I'll be back.
Helen, tell Matt I want to see him.
And after dinner we could go...
Mr Dickson wants to see you right away.
And you and I are going out together.
I'll step you around this town like you've never been stepped before.
We'll have dinner at the St Regis, go to a nice snappy show, then to a nightclub, sit and listen to the soft music, and who knows?
I might break down and dance with you.
Tell Clyde I'll see him tomorrow.
I'll wait for you upstairs.
Are the payrolls ready for tomorrow?
Come on up for just a few minutes.
We'll have just one drink and then we'll go.
I'm going to call up Lou now.
Don't lose a moment.
I'm going right down.
We want it now.
How much longer is this Dickson going to hold out?
All we want to do is talk to you.
I want to ask you something.
Dickson, I'd like to talk with you about the bank.
I've got to get in there.
You've got to come out.
I'm going to put a lot of money in here.
We've been waiting...
Mrs Dickson and I are going on the honeymoon.
I'm going to tell him someday just exactly what I think of him.
What news have you from the factory, dear?
I can't wait.
I want a room, a big room.
Time's getting short.
I want to speak...
See you later.
But there's tomorrow.
I wonder if I could remind the Baron of his promise... that I might speak to him at any time?
I wonder if the Baron would take the trouble to come to my beautiful room?
I wonder if you'd like to see my bathroom?
Be ready to leave on the night train for Amsterdam.
You must go now.
Hadn't you better go now?
I have to go to rehearsals.
Our train leaves early tomorrow morning.
But I'll speak with you later.
We're going home.
We were just going to dance.
You wanted to see me?
I'll see you later.
Are you coming to the theater?
Come and fetch me, chéri...
I've always wanted to go to Paris.
Will you be back for breakfast?
Just a moment.
There's something I'd like to ask you.
We'll have a crew yet!
His Excellency's waiting for you!
Now that you have our city, what do you want with it?
And I'm willing to pay for what I want.
He'll come here first.
This will be our child.
Yes, I'll be with you in a minute, Mr. Peabody!
Susan, I hope this time you've come to stay.
Ned will tell you exactly when to put in an appearance.
Is there anything else you'd like to know about me?
Better make it tomorrow.
Father.
Darling, tell me, when are you to announce the exciting news about Julia?
Shortly after midnight as a surprise.
You'll have a lot more fun with Julia.
There's something I want you to know.
Let's go downstairs and celebrate.
Linda, now you must get married.
I hope I shall.
I'll do everything I can to make a success of it.
We'll keep her here, won't we?
I hope to see more of you, when you're free of the spell of Mr. Wilkes.
The war will be over in a few weeks, and I'll be coming back to you.
He'll come to Atlanta for his leave and you waiting for him just like a spider!
When the war's over, Ashley.
I'm going to join up with our brave lads in gray.
Aunt Pitty'd be agreeable, and I'd like a long visit.
You come in and sit a minute with me.
Well, anyways, I gotta be going.
But I will come back.
Oh, Rhett, can I have a chocolate one stuffed with meringue?
Then I'll take her a petticoat.
Will you take me away from here?
We'll go tomorrow.
And when it comes time for her to marry... well, she'll be a little princess.
Why, Dolly Merriwether, it was my idea to give a party for Bonnie.
I wanna go home.
You run along with Mammy.
I expect the angels fights on your side, Miss Melly.
All you need now is a divorce, and your dreams of Ashley can come true.
I'm going to Charleston, back where I belong.
I want the Governor's residence, Jackson City.
Tell Jim Taylor I'm coming home.
I've got to appoint a new senator.
Tell the governor I won't wait any longer.
It's high time I told Jim Taylor a thing or two.
If you and Joe'll gab on about this appointment, I'll see the committees.
We'll hurry.
He'll show up.
Boy, that'll be something.
You know what I'll do in the morning?
It will be a fine thing to do.
It'll put you right in the mood.
If we could get the poor kids off the streets for a few months every summer and let them learn something about nature and American ideals.
This is the calendar for the day.
See you in the White House, Joe.
When the Vice-president calls you, I'll meet you in the centre aisle.
The chaplain will pray.
The clerk will call the roll.
You can talk all you want to now.
He'll be a good friend.
A hundred years from now, nobody will know the difference.
If I'm going to vote, I ought to study some of the bills.
It'll be great experience for you.
I've been aching to mention it to you.
I'm anxious to get back to the office.
It's simple and I'm helping, so we knock it off in three or four days.
Couldn't we have something brought in on trays like big executives?
I said, shall we start...
Go right ahead.
Let's get down to particulars.
Let's get on with this.
Are you ready?
The show is about to commence.
I'm taking him out to see monuments.
I would like to come to your camp.
She may be the next first lady.
If you're going to wonder, let's go and do it over a steak.
Let's get married.
Okay, then let's get going.
Meet the man I'm going to marry.
We're gonna get married.
I'm taking the next plane home.
I'll call when I'm through with Smith.
This is a whole new world to me.
Come on over to my place.
Get the whole state moving!
They'll be behind these desks some day.
Get pencils and paper, quick!
All Washington is here to be in on the kill.
Fighting so he can stand on his own two feet, free and decent.
Somebody will listen to me.
Let's go in.
We could be rich, if you say the word.
We won't have to worry about our future if you're willing to raffle off your past.
The Count says if it could be as soon as possible.
All right, I'll see him right away.
Now, we must act immediately.
Yes, all right, I will call you later.
He might be able to make up some kind of a case, but it would cost money.
Gentlemen, how about a little lunch?
I just said, let's have some lunch.
Listen, a special envoy is coming from Moscow today.
Let's not waste any time.
It won't be long now, comrades.
How long must we wait here?