You won't get away with this, Trixie.
I never promised to be no hero, did I?
You've ruined the puzzle.
And if I refuse to sign it?
That Englishman wants a fight?
She busted out in a Vegas faro game.
What's the matter with you two?
Come on, don't just dawdle.
Now, that doesn't go in there.
Busted.
Well, I'm no loser.
Don't show it to me.
I'm gonna do it alone!
Well, that broke that up.
Well, you never even asked me why I was going.
A confession that you hired Tim Strawn... and are responsible for my father's murder.
I'm saying you've been marking these cards.
I'll kill you.
If you have any last words, say them now.
Why should I answer?
Well, I never said that.
I'm against it.
Who you trying to kid, sister?
Can I have my store back, now that she's going?
You bastard!
Do you have to cheat at everything?
Put up your hands!
And I can't get started.
It's out of the question, Mr. Slade.
They've been running right by me all day, Kid.
Get along with it.
What's that got to do with a train?
Ain't much you can do about us.
It's just beginner's luck.
I think somebody's been daubing these cards.
Come on, Jessie, move over.
You saw that coming, did you?
I don't need marked cards to beat you, pal.
Don't touch me.
Fog your mind so you can't remember a darn thing.
Wait a minute!
Pull those drapes!
I don't want any lesson, Shooter.
Some gang!
The first time I ask you to do one thing for me, like rob a train...
What do you care?
Why do men think marriage is the only thing we want?
We'll give him the biggest gunfight ever.
I'm gonna straighten you out once and for all!
You and that damn book.
Told you not to call me that.
A dead man has one half-hour to raise his roll outside and get back in the game.
You got something to say about our plan?
I won't tell it anymore.
Kill that cat, Kid.
You took the bread out of half the mouths of Wolf City.
Sir Harry wants his money, fast!
What, are you guys blind or something?
You've no right to think what you do about me.
And you, all the time laughing at me.
Hey, you know there was a guy in the game that accused me of juicing the deck?
And you wouldn't want to endanger Mr. Macallan, would you?
And how do you know that?
You're sorry?
How the fuck did you let it get that far?
You ever make me look stupid, you're dead.
You wicked boy.
Louder!
Explain yourself.
Tell him it's none of his business.
As I told you, it's time we did something about it.
We're fools to tolerate it.
I'll take control away from him.
You're wasting your time.
It's about time.
You know the rules about smoking.
What do you want?
You'd better hurry over there.
Why should I turn this bank over to anybody else?
Idle money is no good to industry.
That don't do us any good.
Why, what is the matter with you?
I'm getting tired of this.
You better start reforming, Cyril.
If I thought you were the slightest bit interested, I would.
You're forcing us to take action against you.
He refuses an offer to merge with the New York Trust, the only thing that'll put this bank on safe ground.
Phyllis, if you don't invite me, I'm coming anyway.
But I won't stand it any longer.
Forget it.
Go on, go to work.
I wouldn't laugh if I were you.
You may not suspect it, but I'm still attractive to some.
Now, listen, don't you go around being attractive to anybody but me.
Don't you forget that I'm still the headman around here, too.
What's keeping you?
Where do you think I've been?
Say, don't annoy me.
I got troubles of my own.
I'm not afraid of you.
I'm not interested in what you think.
You've no right to do it to him.
I'm not interested in your opinion.
You mind your own business.
You better carry that around with you all the time.
I wasn't anywhere near here!
Then you did it alone!
This is ridiculous.
You'd better tell your friends, too.
Tell the boys anyone caught arguing with a depositor will be fired.
If you don't tell the truth, I can't help you.
Come on, what are you fellows gaping at?
We don't want speeches.
Didn't you tell me to call you in five minutes?
Get out!
If he pulls a gag about the run, we'll murder the guy.
I don't want to hear it.
If you don't get married, I'll fire the both of you.
I want to get something out of life.
I told you not to come into the lobby.
Hey, wait a minute!
I hate them.
I told you I'd get those pearls tonight, didn't I?
I don't like your tone.
I did not ask your advice.
I think you'd better go away.
Did you write me that letter or not?
Get out!
You can't do that to him.
Be quiet.
Sir, you have beaten my wife, and she has gone off with another man.
Take him away, and the others, too!
For if I'm not physician, how is it I know that you're a dying man?
We kill the rebels, we kill the rebellion.
What the devil have you been up to?
Take him to the stockade!
I was in no mood to thank my purchaser.
You'll stay here without food or water until you talk.
You dare take that tone with me?
Give them a taste of their own iron!
We, the hunted, will now hunt!
Silence, Willoughby!
I'm not interested in anything you have to say.
You'll not take her while I live!
Then I'll take her when you're dead!
I might have expected your thanks for what I've done this day... but very well, let it be so.
The girl is my concern, not yours.
Take your hands off!
I'm not concerned to hear your reasons, man.
That'll teach you to go around saying things about people.
If you continue to annoy me about this girl... who is no responsibility of mine, I'll have you arrested.
Quiet!
What's the matter with you?
Who took the Scotch from my closet?
I don't understand it and I don't like it.
So you'd better be a good little girl and eat your porridge.
Now no political arguments.
You've caused enough trouble.
There's no cause for temper, child.
Don't ask me why.
I can't stand it here any longer.
This is plain stubbornness and you know it.
I think I'll wait a moment with Linda if you don't mind.
I don't need entertaining.
I don't want any luck.
Even if I told you what was the matter with you, you wouldn't admit it.
One thing I don't want is to start this endless discussion all over again.
I'm gonna speak to your ma!
He took her out buggy-riding in the late afternoon without a chaperon... and then he refused to marry her!
And you were going to hate him for the rest of your life.
Men flirt with girls like that, but they don't marry them.
That's something you'll never hear from me as long as you live.
Aren't things bad enough without you talking about dying?
You ain't very friendly, are you?
Stop!
I don't see how you have the gall to face me!
What is it you want?
Don't you doubt Miss Melly's word!
Say it, then, and get out!
Turn me loose and get out.
If I wanted to come in, no lock could keep me out.
Oh, now, Mammy, be reasonable.
No time to argue.
You won't cheat Melly out of publicly ordering you out of her house.
You're going into the arena alone.
You'll never take my child out of this house.
She's my child too.
If you were a man, I'd break your neck for that.
I'll stay here and shoot him if he comes back.
And just what do you want me to do?
How can you say such a thing?
This is no time for jokes.
He'll take orders all right.
What did I tell you, Joe?
I won't have this conversation carried on by the children.
You made the appointment without me.
We were a team.
I'll brain that guy.
Come back, here!
Let me at him, five minutes.
I'll make it right with you.
Go back to your work.
He was completely misquoted.
We're the only ones who can afford to be honest.
You ought to be shown up.
Dear Senator, have you got any idea what it takes to get a bill passed?
I don't want to complain, but there's an institution called dinner.
You can't take a bill nobody's heard of and discuss it among 96 men.
Everybody calls you plain Saunders, why can't I?
You have a first name, haven't you?
No, stop it.
He can't be there!
Might hit him on the head with one.
Be nice to that girl.
What's it to you?
Cut it out.
I won't take it!
Nobody's gonna make me do that!
I'm clearing out of that office everything I own.
A lady wouldn't work for this outfit.
Go home!
There are a hundred other places that really need the water!
I won't vote on it until I get my questions answered.
What's he got to do with this thing?
I told you I'd handle him.
I object to you coming here.
Either he falls in line or I'll break him so open they won't find the pieces.
What's your interest in this?
I called him a liar.
For heaven's sake, stay there!
But you still haven't answered me.
Paine accuses Smith of introducing a boys camp bill for his own profit!
I never signed any contract!
A lot of junk all right...
Did you bring that guy in here?
Let him speak!
I've got a piece to speak and blow hot or cold, I'm gonna speak it!
I was in that room!
I will follow the Senator's example and refuse to remain in this chamber as long as that man holds the floor!
Stall their deliveries, push them off the streets!
Bury them for 24 hours, give me time!
I don't care what it costs!
This can't go on, it's ridiculous.
We have to keep on what we've been doing and break him.
I wouldn't give two cents for all your fancy rules if behind them they didn't have plain, ordinary everyday kindness.
It's the blood, bone and sinew of this democracy that great men handed down to the human race!
I hate to stand here and try your patience, but either I'm dead right or I'm crazy!
Buy it or wreck it!
This is murder.
I want the whole morning edition a blast to push him off the floor.
It's a crime against the people who sent me here! We are on an official mission... and we have no right to change the orders of our superiors.
However many questions you ask, you never expect an answer.
No, we can't be disturbed.
Do we give the impression of people who are pressed for money?
You can't come in.
You have no right.
I did not permit you to come in here.
Will you get out of here!
We haven't anything to discuss with you.
All I want to do is make things as difficult as possible.
That telegram from Moscow, why should you bother about it?
We don't like Razinin.
We don't like him.
That's enough.
Halt negotiations immediately.
I will have no dealings with the Grand Duchess nor her representative.
We can't feed the Russian people on your intentions.