Some gang!
Yeah, she seemed to have a pretty good time.
There never was any love lost between us.
Hey, I bet you'd look good in one too.
You like our wide open spaces.
Damn right.
Well, she's fine.
Oh, do I like the bed!
Shelleen, it was a great plan!
Taste for fine things.
I happen to like Melba.
Produces beef, beer, shoes... and good times.
There's some hot biscuits in the warmer.
You know, you remind me more and more of my first husband.
Well, that's pretty sweet.
Girl of quality and taste.
Well, I'm feeling great.
Why, that's exactly what I was about to do, sugar.
Now, that's something.
Well, I mean... when you admire a man, you just go all out.
A pleasure to meet someone who understands that to the true gambler... money is never an end in 
itself but simply a tool, as language is to thought.
Simply gorgeous.
I've been building a reputation for 25 years.
Good crowd.
That's excellent.
My pleasure, sir.
It's for my kind of money.
You know how much I enjoy your high style of playing.
That little gal means more to me than the whole wide world, Shooter.
Least you know how much you mean to somebody.
Marry her!
Come on, the tougher the competition, the better you used to like it.
Hallelujah, brothers!
Oh, Melba would be mighty proud of you if you won yourself $25,000.
Now, you look good.
Alice Lee, honey, would you like to freshen up Mr. William's drink a little bit?
I think I love you.
That's a fine idea, Mr. Howard.
It was just fine.
I will drink to that!
Why don't we have a drink for old time's sake?
Well, I'm glad we had this little chat.
We did it, Mr. Cassidy.
And it's good to see you again.
And may the best man win.
New Orleans always been good to me.
I'm taking a bath.
I get a kick out of being on the winning side for a change.
It's been... a rewarding experience to watch a great artist at work.
If you didn't try new things, there'd be no progress.
Yeah, and the husbands are happy.
Yeah, we're just like clockwork.
My pleasure.
Well, you're quite welcome, son.
Oh, it's swell!
Champagne, Hansen!
I'm glad to know you, Lancey.
Oh, how I have longed to hold this child.
I'm going to make him happy.
When I came back from the war, I had a son.
You got our package back, man.
Congratulations on your performance last night.
Read what the critics say... wonderful!
- Don't make me laugh.
I just thought I'd drop by and cheer you up a bit.
- I'm feeling fine this morning.
You're becoming more beautiful every day.
Well, it's a nice morning, gentlemen.
You don't know how much satisfaction it's been to me.
It's been swell.
That's good.
I love you anyway.
That's a good idea.
Sure, you're fine, you've got plenty.
Somebody must be in good humour.
Looks like this case will be settled in no time.
I love you too much, you know that.
Come on, it'll do your heart good.
But it's wonderful.
It's wonderful.
- I thought she was splendid.
That's fascinating.
You're funny.
- You're attractive enough to be anything.
You're pretty enough to do other things.
- That's lovely.
That must have been very nice.
You're so beautiful.
I had no idea you were so beautiful.
I've never seen anything in my life as beautiful as you are.
We have a lot of good connections in England.
I was little, slim, but hard as a diamond.
That's sweet.
Beautiful morning.
I shall dance, and you'll be with me.
It will be divine.
Just to tell you that I'm happy.
We should celebrate this with a bottle of wine.
That was lovely.
- That's very interesting.
For the first time in my life, I'm happy.
I'm my own master... for the first time in my life.
It's wonderful and sweet champagne!
They're having a nice little game up there with that telephone.
A very good man.
Wonderful, my dear fellow.
Only two months' treatment, and I'm a well man.
It's pleasant to see everything so prosperous with you here.
Arabella dear, have a nice holiday in England.
You love me, don't you?
Lord Willoughby, she loves me!
Don't worry, we'll celebrate.
David thinks he's such a nice dog.
I love you.
You're absolutely wonderful.
The boy has loads of charm, Father.
Mother, you'd love him.
I like your tie, too.
Well, Julia seems divinely happy.
Now, don't worry, darling, we understand perfectly.
My dear, he is attractive, isn't he?
- Not a bad family to marry into.
Congratulations.
We've heard such wonderful things about you.
The more you find out about us Setons, the more impressive we become.
I thought you might want a little cheering up.
- We've had wonderful times, we three.
We like it.
In appreciation of your great success in the fields of love and finance I wish to congratulate you on behalf of the members of the Fifth Avenue Anti-Stuffed Shirt and Flying Trapeze Club.
Linda, you're so sweet.
That must be good.
- Sure, but that's good, too.
I love the boy, Neddie.
An event which doubles the pleasure I take in wishing you and them a most happy and prosperous New Year.
- I'm so happy for you.
Your daughter's getting prettier every day, John.
I never can make up my mind which of you is the handsomest.
- Nothing will ever happen to me anymore!
"I love you."
Scarlett, you're so sweet to worry about Ashley like this for me.
Well, then I shall value it all the more.
Oh, I'm so glad.
You look good enough to eat, and prosperous.
It's good to see home folks.
I don't suppose it looks like much to a lady... but I can't help being proud of it.
This sure is a happy day to me.
She has such a beautiful mouth too.
You act mighty happy this morning.
And who's the happy father?
Miss Scarlett's feeling a heap better today, Mr. Rhett.
I am thinking of you.
- I like Jeff Smith.
This was the genius of the stroke:
Just to sit here with him is a very great honour for me.
We are happy to take this opportunity...
Diz, you're a wonderful egg.
- I'm very happy to know you, sir.
I don't think I've ever been so thrilled in my life.
That Miss Susan Paine is about the prettiest girl I ever did see.
Glad to see you.
- Swell!
Any friend of Joe's is a friend of mine.
Isn't that wonderful, father?
- It should come to life for every boy.
He's a wonderful man.
- No complaints.
Isn't that wonderful?
Isn't it marvellous?
Here's to bigger and better dopes.
It's a good idea.
- Boy, you should have been there.
They've done pretty well by you.
He thinks the world of me.
Seemed like a nice fellow.
A man I've admired and worshipped all my life.
- Now you're talking.
This is the miracle I wanted.
That's why it's a good idea to get boys out of the crowded cities for a couple of months of the year.
- Terrific!
It is the most spectacular thing in the Senate annals.
You'll see what man's carved out for himself after centuries of fighting for something better than jungle law.
There's no place out there for graft or greed or lies, or compromise with human liberties.
Great principles don't get lost once they come to light.
,000 telegrams demanding that he yield this floor.
I loved you for it, just as my father did.
- That's very good.
Our worries are over.
Darling, you're so good to me.
I had the pleasure of meeting you in your beautiful shop.
I was admiring the platinum watch with the diamond numbers.
Glorious, aren't they?
At any rate, gentlemen, a charming, exquisite woman.
The fashions this spring are very becoming to her.
Now this is a fine thing.
The last mass trials were a great success.
I hope you like it.
Nothing's happened recently to shake my self-confidence.
I love Russians.